Clarify allowed binary types for serverCertificateHashes (#44026)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/webtransport/webtransport/index.md

In this case the array contains two hashes, both encoded using the SHA-256 algorithm.
Note that the `allowPooling` option must be `false` (the default).

> The value can be an `ArrayBuffer`, a `TypedArray` (for example, `Uint8Array`), or a `DataView`. The example below shows a SHA-256 hash as a sequence of bytes for example, the hexadecimal string `5a1559...` corresponds to the byte values `0x5a`, `0x15`, `0x59` and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `value` of each hash can be an `ArrayBuffer`, a `TypedArray` (for example, `Uint8Array`), or a `DataView`. The example below represents each hash value as a `Uint8Array`; for example, the byte values `0x5a`, `0x15`, `0x59`, etc., correspond to a hash of `5a1559...`.
```

Author: Thanks @chrisdavidmills,

The updated wording is clearer and more concise, especially with “The `value` of each hash” and “represents each hash value as a `Uint8Array`”. However, it also removes some explanatory detail from the original version. In particular, the original explicitly mentioned that `5a1559...` is a hexadecimal string representing a SHA-256 hash, which helps readers understand why byte values such as `0x5a`, `0x15`, and `0x59` appear in the example.

The phrase “correspond to a hash of `5a1559...`” is also slightly ambiguous, since `5a1559...` is itself the hash representation. It may be clearer to say that the hexadecimal hash string corresponds to those byte values.

rephrase:

> The `value` of each hash can be an `ArrayBuffer`, a `TypedArray` (for example, `Uint8Array`), or a `DataView`. The example below represents each SHA-256 hash value as a `Uint8Array`; for example, the hexadecimal string `5a1559...` corresponds to the byte values `0x5a`, `0x15`, `0x59`, and so on.

Reviewer: Sure, this sounds great. Nice work.
